NEWS update (#3974)
ruby/ruby: NEWS.md

    * {TypeProf}[rdoc-label:label-TypeProf] is experimentally bundled. It is a
      type analysis tool for Ruby programs.

* Deprecation warnings are no longer shown by default (since Ruby 2.7.2).
  Turn them on with `-W:deprecated` (or with `-w` to show other warnings too).
  [[Feature #16345]]

> * $SAFE and $KCODE are now a normal global variable with no special behavior.

Reviewer: I'm not sure...
```suggestion
* $SAFE and $KCODE are now normal global variables with no special behavior.
```

Author: Absolutely, good catch 👍
